Innovative open source motivation update (#45)
TripleParity/docks: docs/published/prize_motivation.tex

authentication.

\subsection{Quant - Most innovative use of open source}

> % We are still 5 words over budget.. not sure where to trim

Reviewer: Ouch

> \docks is a completely open source project to enhance an existing open source tool and is licensed under the copyleft \textit{GNU General Public License v3.0}. Our project extends the existing \href{https://github.com/docker}{open source Docker platform} by adding advanced functionality to the \href{https://github.com/docker/swarm}{Docker Swarm} container orchestration project. \\

Reviewer 2: This will clarify that we did not contribute to their code base, but instead integrated with it.

```suggestion
\docks is a completely open source project to enhance an existing open source tool and is licensed under the copyleft \textit{GNU General Public License v3.0}. Our project extends the existing \href{https://github.com/docker}{open source Docker platform} by integrating with the \href{https://github.com/docker/swarm}{Docker Swarm} container orchestration project's API to provide advanced functionality.\\
```
